all right if I starts drawing a little
simple sketch of the front trim and you
use this as a base do you know figure
out the size and shape and all that crud
but I'll probably have to finish the
barrel or at least a chamber portion of
the barrel first as I'll probably end up
making a cylinder over it and just add
more layers and then maybe square it off
once I get off enough layers so you have
like a a big cylinder it's kind of small
but you get the point but you just you
know chunk off the sides and then I'll
just keep adding more layers on the
sides I'm both on the top and bottom to
get the right dimension you know you'll
have all the walking's portions and all
that stuff me and of course you have to
drill holes and such like that yeah
that's probably how I'll probably make
the turnings and as far as the receiver
rows I let it sit under those wait
overnight
do let it dry and also you know have
this cardboard base and not sure if I
mentioned but it helps it keep its shape
and also prevents it from curving either
direction since uh it kind of tends to
contract a little bit so as a paper has
a tendency to contract and curl in the
direction where to fibre is running so
you'll get that little bit of a curve so
that's why I have it I have the base and
had it sitting under the weight so I'll
keep straight and also put a wax or to
handle wax on the carboy Seoul station
and say yeah
the receivers pretty much nice and
straight on also already super glue the
seams together so it just
pretty much solid as it can be I'll be
more sturdy as I put the trunnions in
and such so just a little bit more minor
work such as putting the invitations
right there for the magazine make sure
to click the Holzer line and such and
the receiver will be pretty much done
actually pretty much that already but
yeah so that's the what part three I
think of the a key update and I'll just
multitask I guess as I go